chore: Description of the rlimit attribute + reordering opaque/print (#2196)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Attributes.md

refinement is described.
-->

### 22.2.10. `{:priority}`
`{:priority N}` assigns a positive priority 'N' to a method or function to control the order
in which methods or functions are verified (default: N = 1).

### 22.2.11. `{:rlimit}` {#sec-rlimit}

`{:rlimit N}` limits the verifier resource usage to verify the method or function at `N * 1000`.
This is the per-method equivalent of the command-line flag `/rlimit:N`.
If using [`{:vcs_split_on_every_assert}`](#sec-vcs_split_on_every_assert) as well, the limit will be set for each assertion.

To give orders of magnitude about resource usage, here is a list of examples indicating how many resources are used to verify each method:

* 8K resource usage
  ```dafny
  method f() {
    assert true;
  }
  ```
* 10K resource usage using assertions that do not add assumptions:

>    ```dafny

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```dafny
```

  method f() {
    assert a: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
    assert b: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
    assert c: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
    assert d: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
  }
  ```

* 40K total resource usage using [`{:vcs_split_on_every_assert}`](#sec-vcs_split_on_every_assert)
  ```dafny
  method {:vcs_split_on_every_assert} f(a: bool, b: bool) {
    assert a: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
    assert b: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
    assert c: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
    assert d: (a ==> b) <==> (!b ==> !a);
  }
  ```

> *  37K total resource usage and fails out of resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  37K total resource usage and thus fails with `out of resource`.
```

Author: The error message does not mention "out of resources", only that assertions might not hold, so I can't put it like a quotation.

Reviewer: It does for me:
```
filename.dfy(1,20): Verification out of resource (Impl$$_module.__default.f)

Dafny program verifier finished with 0 verified, 0 errors, 1 out of resource
```

Author: Oh I was mentioning the Dafny Language Server. We should fix this discrepancy.

   ```dafny
   method {:rlimit 30} f(a: int, b: int, c: int) {
     assert ((1 + a*a)*c) / (1 + a*a) == c;
   }
   ```

> Note that, when using the default solver Z3, a 7K to 8K resource usage seem to always added to the set `{:rlimit}`, so if you put `{:rlimit 20}` in the last example, the total resource usage would be `27K`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, the default solver Z3 tends to overshoot by a 7K to 8K, so if you put `{:rlimit 20}` in the last example, the total resource usage would be `27K`.
```
